[Smart Accounts Kit] Update API reference (#2540)
MetaMask/metamask-docs: gator_versioned_docs/version-0.1.0/guides/advanced-permissions/execute-on-metamask-users-behalf.md

### 4. Check the EOA account code

Advanced Permissions support the automatic upgrading of a MetaMask user's account to a [MetaMask smart account](../../concepts/smart-accounts.md),
when using MetaMask Flask version 13.9.0 or later. For earlier versions, you must ensure that the 

> user is upgraded to a smart account before requesting Advanced Permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With MetaMask Flask 13.9.0 or later, Advanced Permissions support automatically upgrading a user’s
account to a [MetaMask smart account](../../concepts/smart-accounts.md). On earlier versions, upgrade
the user to a smart account before requesting Advanced Permissions.
```

The session account can now redeem the permissions. The redeem transaction is sent to the `DelegationManager` contract, which validates the delegation and executes actions on the user's behalf.

To redeem the permissions, use the client action based on your session account type.

> A smart account uses the Bundler Client's `sendUserOperationWithDelegation` action,

Reviewer: nitpick, we generally prefer the original may that these actions were linked.
